well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we got a message
straight to the Republican Party see I
don't know if you guys know this but in
my entire life I've only gotten out and
supported one Democratic candidate one
he was running for County Sheriff and
had been personally known to my family
since him and my great grandfather ran
shine together one but not a Republican
see I am that t-shirt blue jeans and
work boots or sexual mail that lives in
the rural area of a swing state I'm the
GOP target demographic so what you got
on the platform for me I like most
Americans know that free trade is good
and trickle-down economics doesn't work
see economic platforms out I don't think
the nineteen year old kid from down the
road who just signed up should have to
go fight for the Saudis I don't think we
should be harming the Saudis I don't
think we should be how I would sorry I
didn't know why we're doing this anymore
we're in that exporter I certainly don't
think that come next fall I should see a
gold star in front of his parents house
cuz you guys want to increase your stock
portfolios I'm not a gun owner but the
Second Amendment is an important right
and you guys at least in rhetoric have
always been able to be counted on to
defend that but now you got that guy in
the Oval Office
who's enacted more restrictions on
firearms in two or three years then
Obama did in eight and y'all have the
chance to get rid of them but you
cancelled the primaries that's you
co-signing everything that he does
while his attorney general wanders
around Capitol Hill talking to you guys
asking y'all what kind of gun control
you're gonna support okay what else you
do approve projects without the funds to
complete it like that criminal justice
reform bill or that stupid wall and then
you take the money from DoD making that
gold star in front of his parents house
a whole lot more likely
that's 30 to 40% of your platform right
there nothing in it for me and the other
60 to 70% I can answer that in one
sentence I don't care about somebody's
skin tone country of origin religion
gender orientation or the language they
speak I'm not a bigot I don't care if
they're a good person more power to them
I don't care and that takes out the
other 60 to 70% of your platform I know
what you're thinking
it's just the guy that called it a
c-span no and that should worry you
because you've always been able to count
on guys like us the reality is now
there's a whole bunch of guys look like
me
sound like me real sick of you know we
certainly don't believe all of the
things that AOC and the squad believe
but I believe they believe it it's more
than I can say for you anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night